README.md, before:

<h3><b>Portfolio: setup and mobile first</b></h3>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

- [📝 License](#license)


# 📖 [Finish Portfolio] <a name="about-project"></a>

Project Description:

The objective of this project is to create a one-page responsive portfolio website that effectively showcases previous personal projects.
## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- HTML & CSS
- Git, Github and Visual Studio Code

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="not available"></a>

💻 Getting Started
This project shows tools and best practices a developer must master when creating files, 
branches and changes in a project.

Prerequisites
In order to run this project you need:

VS Code editor

Setup
Clone this repository to your desired folder:

https://github.com/obibaadoma/PotfolioMic.git

Install
Install this project with:

VS Code, downloading repo.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- HTML & CSS
- Git, Github and Visual Studio Code

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- Choose a directory
- Open a Terminal
- write: git clone https://github.com/obibaadoma/PotfolioMic.git
- get into to directory "Portfolio: setup and mobile first"
- write: npm install

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

## 👥 Future Features <a name="authors"></a>
[Add Contact Page]

> Mention all of the collaborators of this project.

👤 **Derek Akrasi Konadu**
   **David Leiva**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/obibaadoma/)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/derek-akrasi-konadu-187453151/)

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://www.linkedin.com/in/derek-akrasi-konadu-187453151)

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributor"></a>

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>
  Your comments and support will be greatly appreciated!

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>
I will like to thank the following people:
  Abraham Christoper
  Erwin Amador

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

fixed contact button and readme

README.md, after:

<h3><b>Portfolio: setup and mobile first</b></h3>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

- [📝 License](#license)


# 📖 [Finish Portfolio] <a name="about-project"></a>

Project Description:

The objective of this project is to create a one-page responsive portfolio website that effectively showcases previous personal projects.
## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- HTML & CSS
- Git, Github and Visual Studio Code

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="not available"></a>

💻 Getting Started
This project shows tools and best practices a developer must master when creating files, 
branches and changes in a project.

Prerequisites
In order to run this project you need:

VS Code editor

Setup
Clone this repository to your desired folder:

https://github.com/obibaadoma/PotfolioMic.git

Install
Install this project with:

VS Code, downloading repo.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- HTML & CSS
- Git, Github and Visual Studio Code

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

- Choose a directory
- Open a Terminal
- write: git clone https://github.com/obibaadoma/PotfolioMic.git
- get into to directory "Portfolio: setup and mobile first"
- write: npm install

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

  **Derek Akrasi Konadu**
       **David Leiva**

## 👥 Future Features <a name="authors"></a>
[Javascript will be included for further interactivity]


- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/obibaadoma/)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/derek-akrasi-konadu-187453151/)

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://www.linkedin.com/in/derek-akrasi-konadu-187453151)

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributor"></a>

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>
  Your comments and support will be greatly appreciated!

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>
I will like to thank the following people:
  Abraham Christoper
  Erwin Amador

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
